Updated Installation Instructions (#315)
xCollateral/VulkanMod: README.md

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/V7V7CHHJV)

</div>

## Installation

> Proceed through all of these steps to correctly install the Vulcan mod to your Windows device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed through all of these steps to correctly install the Vulkan mod to your device
```

1. Vulkan is wrongly written
2. This mod is not only for Windows

### Download
[![CurseForge](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/title/635429_Get_Mod.svg?badge_style=flat)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vulkanmod)

### Fabric mod loader
Fabric mod loader is needed to run the Vulcan Mod

1. To download Fabric go to the [fabric installation page](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/)

> 1. Once on the page click the blue "download for Windows" button

Reviewer: Again Same issue
